Adding CONTRIBUTING.md as a starting point for discussing Solid Team formal process (#70)
solid/team: README.md

The Solid Team holds meetings at <https://meet.jit.si/solid-team> on every second Wednesday of the month at 15:00 UTC - subscribe to [vCalendar](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/solid/team/main/meetings/calendar.ics). Meetings are transcribed and [published](https://github.com/solid/team/tree/main/meetings/). Additional team meetings may be created, in which case Solid Team members will be notified via calendar invitation and in the Solid Team chat.

> To know more about how to contribute, check [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/solid/team/tree/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about how to contribute, check [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/solid/team/tree/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

## Tasks

> The Solid Team engages in a number of tasks. A blocked task is a task that the team wants to do, but currently doesn't have the resources to do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Solid Team engages in a number of tasks. A blocked task is a task that the team
wants to do, but doesn't currently have sufficient resources to handle.
```

* [Create a Better Onboarding Experience for Developers](/tasks/developer-onboarding-experience.md)
* [Create a Better Onboarding Experience for Users](/tasks/user-onboarding-experience.md)
* [SolidProject.org Content Pass](/tasks/solid-project-content-pass.md)

## Collaborations

> The team collaborates with a lot of other Solid groups, such as:
> 
> * [Solid Community Group](https://www.w3.org/groups/cg/solid/)
> * Solid Work Group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The team collaborates with a lot of other Solid groups, including the following:

* [Solid Community Group](https://www.w3.org/groups/cg/solid/)
* Solid Work Groups
```
